what's up everyone welcome back to my
channel and I'm here with you today to
do another honest try on haul for you
guys today I'm going to be showing you
some items from buff bunny collections
in her current December launch that just
happened so I selected about five or six
different pieces and I do want to let
you guys know I'm not a huge like color
person so I did choose a lot of black
items but I'm gonna go through with you
guys what I purchased and give you my
honest review on it this is not a
sponsored video I paid my own money to
have these items shipped to me so we're
gonna try them on right now and let you
know how it goes the first piece from
the buff funning collection that I'm
going to review today were the Anastasia
leggings these are a mesh style legging
very similar to Lululemon I have a
Lululemon pair of leggings that
basically mimic this design so if you
guys are familiar with those which I
like my Lulu so I wanted to try these
out and kind of see how they compared so
I got these in black and I got them in a
size small the price point on these was
$58 I wasn't sure if I was gonna like
the way they fit I heard mixed reviews
on how both funny collections fit in
terms of leggings I'll have my
measurements in the description box for
you guys to kind of compare but for me I
actually like the way these fit me
they've got the night nice high waisted
band there for her legging so they all
come up a little bit higher which I
really like for my leggings they do not
have any issues with being see-through
which is nice I did find for being a
size small they were still a little
tight on me so in the mesh area I felt
like my skin was kind of like bulging
out a little bit like a little
but overall the fit was good though I
think if I sized up to a medium that
would have been way too big the quality
on these of course is not similar to
Lululemon quality but her um all of her
clothing is a combination of nylon and
spandex and I actually really liked the
feel to it so for a $58 price point
overall I felt like they looked good on
me these pants I wore for lifestyle I
dressed him up with some like over the
knee boots and like a cute top and then
I also wore them in the gym as well and
I liked them for both so while it's not
totally comparable to Lululemon I feel
like for a 58 dollar price point you
can't really beat that if you're someone
who isn't willing to spend 128 bucks on
leggings which you know for many of us
that's just not affordable so this is
actually a great alternative although
they did fit a little tighter I still
thought overall they looked cute and
very stylish so the next piece I went
with was one of her sports bras I wanted
to try out and this was the sharise bra
I guess and again I went in a size small
which I was a little bit nervous because
buff bunny as you guys know has
ginormous fake boobs which I do not so I
didn't know if they were gonna be a good
match for someone who's small chested as
you guys saw I took out they come with
separate little padding that you can
choose to put in there or not put in
there which I really appreciate because
I actually don't like sports bras that
don't have that extra little bit of
padding I think most girls who are
smaller chested can relate to me on that
so I did appreciate that and I slap
those babies in there this sports
broadcast $32.00 which I thought was you
know reasonable for a sports bra it's
got the really cute detailing on the
back and in terms of material again
every item I got from her is a mix
that nylon spandex material which
actually does have a really nice feel to
it feels pretty durable and I would
probably compare quality of this sports
bra to that of like a forever 21 sports
bra so yes the price point might be
slightly higher than forever 21 but it's
got the really cute detailing on it and
I was actually really impressed how cute
it looked on me the next piece we're
going into is the Aurora croc and I got
this in two different colors the first
one you guys are seeing this is a mauve
tone which I believe she calls mahvelous
and I wasn't sure how he's gonna feel
about this color she does offer a lot of
different colors in her collection or
the launch that was had and I'm just not
a big color person at the gym like I
don't like to get wild I'm pretty basic
when it comes to colors on this crop I
got in a size small and this was $28
which i think is a great price point for
a crop again it's a nice material I
actually really liked buff Bunny's logo
like some people's logos I think are a
bit obnoxious I don't really want
someone's name written all over me but
it's a very cute little simple logo that
she has with the little be for the buff
bunny this crop I really like because it
hit me in the right spot so again I
don't want a crop top that's like
essentially just a sports bra
I want a crop top that comes down low
enough that looks good with a high
waisted pair of pants that I can feel
comfortable wearing in an offseason and
her crop did just that it came down nice
and low the material was extremely
comfortable in a size small fit me
perfect and I actually really liked this
color on me which I was surprised but
but I really overall liked the crop top
I wore it to the gym it was very
comfortable to work out in as well
the next piece are the Luna leggings
which I believe are heard
classic leggings I think she is done
these on prior launches and I again got
these in that love mahvelous color in a
size small and these were a $58 price
point again I'm not sure if it really
shows out in camera but I really do like
the material that she uses that
combination of the material
I feel like feels very nice and it
actually looks very nice too she does
the pockets on the sides of her pants
which I really like these are just like
a basic pocket on the side that fit your
cell phone as you guys can tell I don't
get any camel toe with her pants which I
really thought I was going to she does a
nice job with the high waisted band on
the leggings where it comes up at least
for my stature it comes up to a nice
point and it's not overly tight like
obviously if you sit down you gonna have
a little roll coming on over there but
that's to be true of most people whether
you're super lean or not like we have
skin like who cares I really felt like
this outfit too cuz you guys are kind of
seeing it together I would have never
been one for like the matchy matchy
outfit I love this I love the look of it
I also when I wore it to the gym I liked
how I felt in it I felt like I looked
really good and it's important to me for
the workout clothing that I'm wearing to
go to the gym and feel like I look good
and that might sound stupid but there's
nothing there's nothing like worse than
like trying to get yourself into the gym
but you feel so bad about yourself that
like you don't want to so having a
workout outfit that you feel cute and
that looks good that's comfortable and
that you can feel confident in is really
important so overall I was impressed
with the Luna leggings again she does
that $58 price point which is gonna be
more expensive than your forever 21 but
I would say it compares more to like a
Victoria Secrets in terms of the
material the feel and the pricing
it's hard for me to compare this to Jim
shark because I've never bought Jim
shark pants that were this type of
material however I'm gonna say that I
think you guys would be more impressed
with buff bunny then you would with Jim
shark because I think so many people
complain about the camel toe in the
muffin top with Jim shark and you are
not gonna have that issue with her pants
because of the way she does the
waistband it's very flattering and again
you can't see anything through there and
I believe I wore a turquoise thong this
day so in case you're wondering they're
very very impressed with this I'm not
gonna lie I was not expecting to enjoy
all these items that I got thus far and
really did like the way this outfit
looked on me so the next item you guys
already saw this is the aurora crop
again I just got it in a different color
I got it in a size small in black
because I just feel like this is a basic
piece that I can mix and match with a
lot of different items in my review if
this is not too much different but I
just wanted to show you a different
color and how it looks again I really
like this crop I find it very flattering
you don't need to be stage ready to rock
a crop top ladies and gents if gentlemen
like to wear crop tops do you boo but I
really like this I thought it looked
really great I did workout in it and it
doesn't rise up on me so it's like up
like a sports bra it stays right in
place it feels good and I think it looks
very flattering too and again I like her
logo it's not too big it's not obnoxious
it doesn't list out buff bunny all over
the place it's just like a very simple
cute little logo so I really appreciate
that fine little detail of that and
$28.00 I think is a good price point for
a crop top last piece I'm showing you
guys are her Athena leggings which for
this launch she was supposed to have
other colors she only came out with
black so I did get the black again in
these how these compared to the Luna
legging
I think is important if you're someone
who's wondering what the differences it
is very minor the difference between
these and her Luna leggings but she does
have the pockets on these those are in a
mesh detail versus the Luna that is not
a mesh detail and some of the hemming on
top of my bum it's it's hemmed a little
bit different so it kind of shapes the
way things look a little different and
these were probably my favorite item
that I got out of this launch I felt
like the fit was on point they're very
comfortable again I got a size small and
there they fit me just right if I went
to an extra small they would have been
way too tight so I think for buff bunny
collections I would recommend sizing up
for anyone who is ordering her clothing
items but again in terms of the look of
the pant it's you know the design is
pretty standard for just a basic high
waisted legging I think the biggest
thing I've noticed with buf funniest she
keeps it simple with the designs of her
clothing some people come at her that
she's not original that she copies
Lululemon well maybe so be it but I kind
of think that's smart because we all
like Lululemon don't we at least I know
I do so why not find something that kind
of mimics Lululemon at a better price
point which these pants do so I found
them extremely comfortable I thought
they looked good um her leggings like
when I pulled them up
I did hear like a couple little stitch
us what is it hems or I don't know it's
the stitching I could hear a couple
little stitches break or whatever but
I've heard the same thing with Lululemon
as well so I think it's just because
like your girls got a pretty big booty
she's got to pull those pants over but
again they're not see-through the
quality of them felt really good I
haven't washed any of these yet because
I'm a dirty girl and I tend to wear
things a few times of that
so I'm just gonna keep it honest with
you and I also don't take that great
care of my clothing so the other thing I
wanted to comment on too was the length
of her leggings I think they are maybe
geared towards a petite person a little
bit more I can only speak for myself but
I felt like the length of them was so
much better than a gym shirt pant there
wasn't as much bunch enus on the bottom
of my pants as you guys can tell they
fit the length of my body pretty good so
sizing wise for me the buff bunny
collection clothing worked out really
well the other thing I wanted to mention
too was in terms of shipping I know
that's important to guys it was $10
because I did get a bigger package
shipped and in terms of shipping time
definitely not as quick it was about a
10 day turnaround again I did order it
at Christmas time though so that could
be part of the delay but you know 10
days is I guess I'm okay with waiting 10
days if it's longer than that I get a
little you know annoyed because when you
order stuff you want it right away but
for me it was about a 10 day turnaround
with shipping time to New York overall
though guys I was pretty impressed with
buff bunny collections pricing quality
wise compares mostly to what I would say
Victoria Secrets would provide in their
fitness clothing line I really did like
her basic simple patterns and I felt
like they were very flattering fit to
the body so overall very impressed I'd
love to hear your thoughts and comments
below if you have ordered or maybe plan
on ordering now that you guys have
watched my review
I can see the world like an airplane
everything won't be breaking easily
I could make it
[Music]
[Applause]